Mr. Zhang Jing, don t you have to talk about Mr. Ye when you meet Mr. Ye?
Although the old man
But the owner's eyesight is still there.
I think some people just up here call deer horses.
Try to return the work of others to yourself.
I thought it was a hidden boss.
I can't believe it's naked butt pulling wood, spinning shame circles ha ha
This plot has to compile a skit to show the spring festival gala, the audience ratings are absolutely explosive.
I rely on this old man to pull even greater hatred than Wang Dufa.
It's the owner.
Right?
Ownership of the Seven Star Hotel - Kim Van Dinh
And the unconditional obedience of a mysterious figure.
This dog on the street.
You.
Tell me about a hypnotic ghost.
You can be like that
Mr. Zhang Ruo Diep
Why is there half a lie in my picture?
This birthday party is not organized by you.
I never invited you.
You two are unwelcome guests.
Get out of here now.
Ye Chen, you promised me before that you would do things like Death Grace and get quick transfer points.
Otherwise, disappear from my face forever.
I hope you are the one who can do what you say.
Okay, rain.
I'll tell you soon who's the best option for you.
Similarly, today the owner will pay a hundred times more.
Go.
Boss, I didn't do anything.